[Documentation][feature/otx] Add Object Detection Tutorial (#1469)
open-edge-platform/training_extensions: docs/source/tutorials/advanced/datumaro.rst

###########################################
Convert a custom user dataset with Datumaro
###########################################

<Guidelines for writing>

> It described how to construct a user dataset for each task. How to use datumaro together with OTX (concrete example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial illustrates how to build a user dataset for each task. The tutorial also demonstrates how to utilize datumaro in conjunction with OTX using a real-world example.
```

> This tutorial illustrates how to build a user dataset for each task. The tutorial also demonstrates how to utilize datumaro in conjunction with OTX using a real-world example.

Reviewer 2: Please add a reference to Datumaro. Also, I suggest using a capital letter for the product naming
